Why did you chase me away?
I am here for business.
I said, why do you repeat yourself like that?
Yes, please make an appointment.
What, what appointment could he have?
Sorry.
No appointment
She can't stay here.
Please leave immediately.
I said I came here to do business.
Ordinary people like you
What business can be done?
You have antique plans
yes
Do you have gold and silver jewelry?
Not like these two.
As our private insurance company Grammy.
My subject
Not.
I came to get my things.
Just you get the stuff.
Ha ha ha, I'm dying of laughter.
Do you know what Clement is?
The company's headquarters is a multinational corporation in Switzerland.
As a foreign company is mainly a high end one.
Serving only the rich
Only people worth over 10 million.
To store items here
fairy haha
Chase him away.
You do not understand this person?
Don't you have any self-awareness?
I have to get someone out of here.
Just now Mr. Lam
We are here, it is a high-class occasion.
A Swiss company from abroad.
Not a place you can go to.